how you doing this is Ed from New York
boxing fitness I'm an examiner com
reporter and on Saturday februari 13th I
was at the seven train theater in main
street flushing in Queens to see the new
york showdown um put on by take on
productions it was a moot I competition
with 11 scheduled fights here we're
saying our bow tie fighters in their
pre-flight dance which is called the
wild crew Ramu and here's a highlight of
a highlight reel from fight number nine
um a couple fights were canceled of the
11 scheduled events however there was
enough action to go around in this fight
you have Jay mateus from the seton gym
in New York fighting Javier von feldt
from von feldt mootye in canada and otto
von feldt proved to have a lot of heart
and be a very game opponent he also
proved to be overmatched by the taller
and even though he was leaner he proved
to be stronger opponent Jay Mathias
there EST used the Thai clinch dias
throw up bonne fête on the ground here
he manhandles him with the same tyco
Lynch and he used it repeatedly to
control his opponent to land some knees
to the body and and to pretty much wear
him down I mean by the end of the fight
Mathias certainly looked to be the
fresher opponent uh he also used a lot
of those sweets and then takedowns uh to
to score points I hear he corners
Mathias which was this was repeatedly
happening throughout the spout and he
got more comfortable I did it did a
Matthias throughout the fight and he
started throwing a little bit more he
opened up his a offense and to a little
bit more acrobatic kicks and punches we
caught a couple here on this highlight
reel and at the end of about age
if you'd go the distance Mathias won by
unanimous decision the next take on
event was is scheduled for April fourth
I believe will check and we'll get back
to you check out examiner com the New
York boxing fitness reporter and we'll
keep you up to date thanks for watching